HW2 Due 11:59PM September 17

***Please review the top part of ../hw1/hw1.txt***
***Your chance of success greatly increases if you start very early. Your chance of failure increases if you start late. Please use as many reviews as you possibly can.***

In this homework, we'll create an initial strategic design for a version of the Master Mind game.

Let's first discuss the version of the game that we'll design. We'll not be writing any code in this homework, but only create an initial strategic design.

The object of the game is for the user to guess the colors the program has chosen. The program chooses six distinct colors from among ten colors. The user obviously does not know the colors the program has chosen.

The operations user can perform and the outcome:

User picks six colors:
The program displays a color code back to indicate the progress the user has made. 

If the user guessed the exact color combination, including the positions, the result is six black colors. 
The game ends now with a message that the user has won and the program reveals the color selected.

If the user guessed only some colors, then the result has as many black colors as the number of direct positions matches and as many silver colors for each match that is in an incorrect position.

For example, if the program selected green, red, blue, white, orange, purple, and the user entered cyan, yellow, blue, orange, violet, red, then the program will display black, silver, silver.

User gives up: 
The program displays the colors selected, the game ends with a message the user has lost.

If the user has made 20 tries:
The program displays the colors selected, the game ends with a message the user has lost (unless on the last try the user found the combination).



Create an initial design of this program and answer the questions below. 
Feel free to ask for frequent reviews.

Include a separate file (maybe a scan of hand drawn picture if you like, or a pdf, tiff, word document, etc.) which shows a UML diagram of your design. Refer to that diagram from the text description you write here.

1. How would you design this program? 

We want to make this a web browser game so that it is portable throughout all devices.
We want this game would to not require an intstallation, to play the game users can just visit a site

We want to separate the UI Logic from the Game logic so we are going to implement two classes, a Board class, and a MasterMind class 

The Board class will be in charge of handling the presenttion of the game based on prompts from the MasterMind class 
The Board class would be waiting for a submission to update the board view

The MasterMind class will be in charge of creating the secret code and sending updates to the state of the board class 

Pins are what we will use to represent the colors/choices the player can choose from 
The MasterMind has will create a number of these pins (based on how many colors there are) for the player to choose from
By doing this we can maybe add difficulty features later on by adding more colors

For the selection process, the player would be presented with 10 different colored circles (pins) to pick from, 
We want the players to be able to drag and drop the choices into a slot with 6 empty holes 
The player would then submit their choices after making their selection


The submission would be handled by the MasterMind class which will send a prompt to the board

If the user guessed it all correctly this class would prompt the board to display a You Win banner
If the player submits a forfeit choice the class would prompt the board to display a You Lose Banner


By splitting the game logic from the UI logic we believe this makes it easier to test out features and make changes 
such that they don't affect unintended parts of the game and display we don't want 




2. Discuss what language you would use.

We would use Javascript, HTML/CSS to create this game as a web browser game.

A big reason for this is becuase we are already familiar with using JavaScipt and its libraries/frameworks 
We've already had experience building a much more complex game using JavaScipt, so we feel we could do better job 
using something we have know and have experience using 

We want to design this game using a "design by capability" approach

Since JavaScipt is dynamic a typed language it tends towards designs by capability

The reason we want to use "design by a capability" is that this is not a large program
so we want to keep the hierarchy of the program very flat 

Javascript in particular has a lot of built-in interactive capabilities such as their inbuilt event listeners 

Also since we want to build a web browser game we felt JavaScript would be a good choice since it is the only
scripting language supported by all web browsers.

[//Feedback: Is it possible that we choose JavaScript because we are familiar with it, which is a good reason. If not, I would like to see more through analysis with other languges considered.]



3. How do you plan to structure the game, what libraries would you use?

For UI we would use ReactJS to create this single page application in the browser
Since we would be using JS we would use NPM to automate the build process.

The way we would structure the directories would be close to as follows:

Master_Mind_Game\ # Project Name 
 \MasterMind # this would hold the implementation of the MasterMind class 
    MasterMind # the mastermind class
 \Board\
    \UI Components\ # This folder would hold our UI components 
        \HTML # This folder would be for the HTML components
        \CSS # This folder would be for the CSS 
        \Images # This file would hold the images to construct the board and the images for the pins
    Board # the board view class 

Total [10]: 9

Feedback notes still in text, need to address the language question.